hey there friends how's it going my name
is kevin and today we're playing lake
view valley it's basically like statue
valley except you're a murderer and
you're no it's it's nothing like statue
valley sorry i mean the name is similar
it's in a valley oh my god he looks
terrifying sex no that won't be
happening a nice mullet would suit him
and that goofy little mustache he looks
like a stereotypical cartoon villain
okay fine he's an escaped convict
apparently all right his name is
murderer
i just like being upfront with people
you know speaking of being upfront sorry
to interrupt you there past kevin but i
just wanted to quickly let you know i'll
be doing a stream with the folks over at
two point hospital on their stream
channel the link will be in the
description that'll be tomorrow tuesday
the 25th 4 pm gmt up until 8 pm gmt so
if you want to come by we're doing some
fun things over there but yeah other
than that i'll just let you watch the
video sorry for interrupting back to you
past kevin and murderer of course
look at him he looks so [__] cartoony
evil why would they even allow him into
the valley you okay back there you
haven't said a word this whole time
we've been driving i'd be so pissed if
the bus driver said that to me it's like
that's why i didn't take an uber i don't
want to interact with anyone trouble
with love maybe oh yeah this is the
power to just jump off the bus
oh my god what the hell is wrong with
him jesus christ i think we crashed
there's still tons of blood all over the
place this is why the bus driver
shouldn't be making conversation i still
remember to thank the bus driver though
please okay we're off to a fantastic
start is this a hammer i have the hammer
oh god he's fighting back no hold on oh
geez i'm covered in blood i didn't
expect this i just wanted to knock him
out dude you've already killed one
person today how are you going to
explain this with self defense it's not
going to work i keep [__] missing him
whoever's in that tree can you help me
out oh welcome to lakeview valley i
don't know if they're gonna welcome me
when there's this trail of blood behind
me like they're gonna blame me for the
other murder now too oh no oh no he's
dying he's dying but he's running away
come back okay i think i hit him again
before we made it to the next screen
continually you know what i think i'll
restart that day if that's possible
oh jesus that went bad look if you don't
want me to murder someone don't leave a
hammer just on the floor i still want to
murder him though my guys those cartoony
villain ever
yeah
okay i got two solid hits there there's
another attack though that like slows
down i don't know what it does like what
is happening am i dead i think i'm
rolling away he's looking around like oh
how do i explain this i should have just
continued when i [__] murderized him
off screen all right i'm just gonna walk
away not because i want the bus driver
to live but just because i don't want to
make the entire video about beating up a
bus driver oh this old lady should do
oldest resident here surely she'll be
easy for me to take then come on she
won't fight back will she yeah she's
just running away immediately okay
please don't get help how many times uh
do i have to hit her how weak is my guy
oh [__] sick i knew you were in trouble
get ready to pay for your crimes needs a
[__] sword okay this was a mistake
i'm dead okay let's try not murdering
immediately this time she's just going
back to the fountain she's like i'm not
letting that bastard affect my day okay
i just looked up some weapons the sword
is found in the cabin in the middle of
the lake let's go find that you stop
right there i didn't actually do
anything this time you must be the new
owner of that house up north glad to
finally meet you okay this interaction
is going a lot better oh is that my key
just head north of the lake until you
find a giant gate you can't miss it i'll
be seeing you okay good that means the
lake is up this way and i can go get my
sword okay this is a problem
why is there a cattle blocking the path
i appreciate the cones being put down
okay they can't seem to move the cow
i'll try and help them with that later
where is the lake is this the lake is
that my house i heard something when i
went past there okay probably just the
wind great i've become a skyrim guard oh
map thank god i might be able to
actually find my way around i'm here my
house should be up here then around all
these flies i guess and that's the
island i need to get to but i don't know
how to get to that
okay i thought he was gonna stop me or
something he looks like he's ready for a
pokemon battle
[Music]
private property go away oh no oh no
he's got a shotgun i don't want to fight
this guy i'm out of here i'm leaving
i'll deal with you another time i want
to kill everyone in the town that is my
goal but i gotta start with the weak oh
he can swim no he can't swim he can just
walk on the lake bed this doesn't seem
like a good idea but i really want that
sword the hell is that thing go away go
away okay i think i'm drowning and i i
don't know what to do god damn it how do
i get up onto the the little island
fec's sake i'm dead there's gotta be a
way to this island is this my house oh
my god it's huge i'm so lucky maybe not
super lucky too early oh i can't do a
stairjew valley where i just go to sleep
20 minutes after waking up why are these
creeps hanging out in trees hello he's
telling me to go into the lake i have a
bad history with the lake okay
my scarecrow's talking to me i think
okay i probably shouldn't attack it it's
probably gonna show up in the middle of
the night or something it looks so empty
even though it looks big enough to fit a
villager it seems to be open at midnight
and i think it's hungry what are you
talking about like i actually want to
know it would be nice to know where i
can dump a body maybe it's the thing in
the tree i don't know i'll bring a body
back for you as soon as i can a little
motorbike for sale can i buy that 200 in
cash do i have enough yes i don't even
know if i have enough looks like you're
a little short on the money i mean if i
killed him i could just take it anyone
else home doesn't look like it yeah it
looks like it's pretty abandoned i think
this might be my chance to kill i hope
he fights back though like i usually
don't want them to but if he runs it
seems to be hard to kill in this game oh
[__] he is fighting back he is fighting
back come over here come over here he's
coming too close to me oh no oh no his
wife is home or something it's just boys
playing in the air boys will be boys and
all that oh no oh no oh no don't get the
sheriff don't get the sheriff his wife
just walked by she did not give a [__]
no no no no no no no no no no stop stop
stop stop stop oh [__] sake he's gonna
get away isn't he i need a better weapon
oh wait he bled out okay well that's
probably a good thing um what do i do
now i'm pulling him he seems to be
cooperating can i just dump him in the
lake come on in buddy okay he's gone i
should probably wash off shouldn't i oh
wait i think i'm wounded oh [__] i'm
just out for a swim just ignore me i'm
too obviously a villain it couldn't be
me like it's all with someone you
wouldn't think of you know it's never
the most likely suspect is it oh my god
i'm bleeding so bad i hope there are no
sharks in this lake she's just watching
me should i leave i'm gonna leave oh for
effects sake i bled out [__] i'm gonna
have to get a better weapon because i
can't get past the first day without it
okay there's a knife found on the top of
the rock shelf in the woods enter the
woods from the north there are many
snakes oh [__] sake why do i have to
earn things why can't it just be handed
to me what the hell i think this person
may have been dead before they got hit
by the bus okay i'm carrying the body
away
i don't know if i should be doing this
you look like a decent person so let me
give you a piece of advice don't trust
the town folk i don't trust them anyway
that's why i was murdering them yeah i
have a feeling she was murdered before
she got hit by the boss that's my
thinking anyway but that's none of my
business i'm just murderer after all
what would i know oh football yeah oh
wait he's in there too i'll float too i
bet did you know serial killers usually
start out by practicing on little
animals think about that what's that
supposed to mean this woman is looking
for a cat is he telling me to murder the
cat i just want a good weapon like for
self-defense and also murdering people
who's this house let me in we don't
socialize when i'm popular people well
then i'll just come back and kill you
that is if i can ever get this murdering
thing down it seems pretty difficult oh
[__] snakes are fast oh my god i'm gonna
die aren't i i'm gonna [__] die okay
this is definitely where i should be but
also definitely where i shouldn't be i
found the knife okay can you stop can
you just could you just stop for just a
second
okay i've got the knife i don't know i'm
going the other way because it'll draw
even more snakes on me i'm never going
to make it back to the hospital
stop it please just give me a chance the
game is loading stop hitting me run to
the hospital run to the hospital oh get
him instead jesus christ it has it out
for me this doesn't look good this
doesn't look good this is look good but
i'm not bleeding as much as i was
earlier and i lasted like surprisingly
long last time slow no now i'm bleeding
a lot someone sucked the venom out okay
i'm almost there that is the hospital
yeah treat me yes
i feel much better now okay i need to go
rest in my house because i cannot do
that again i was too stressful and then
i can cause some mischief tomorrow are
you strong enough to get an apple from
the tree i'll make sure to tell everyone
how strong here oh god i gotta do it i
gotta impress this kid okay i don't
think this little butter knife is gonna
do it sorry little billy jesus christ i
tried to sleep and this guy came into my
house back in hell trust the frog
there's still time for a sleep tight
murderer wait were you accusing me of
being a murderer just saying my name i
need that clarified well that was
[__] terrifying i wasn't expecting
that oh well better sleep soundly i've
got a lot of murdering to do tomorrow oh
my god what the hell happened here god
damn reggie this is a real mess oh it's
from the the boss oh yeah i forgot i
moved the body up there who did he say
he's talked to oh yes murderer
it's like hmm might just be sheriff's
intuition but i've got a hunch i wonder
if our plan is already ruined off what
are they up to need to crap okay thanks
i think the sheriff investigates every
night so the bodies have to be hidden
morning murderers slept well like a baby
i'll get out of your hair now is that a
balding joke all right i believe the
game is saved now so well first of all i
need a crap
well this is just terribly unpleasant
isn't it all right well i want to go try
and steal that motorbike
okay that was easy
[Laughter]
[Music]
it's the noisiest getaway vehicle ever
but it's mine now can i hide it behind
the house oh that fell off okay you know
what it'll be fine up there they won't
see it oh for fixing the cow's in the
way
can i get around well i murdered the cow
for no [__] reason hopefully they'll
just move
the cow now that it's dead i'm sure
there was another way of doing that but
oh well we'll never know hey kid how's
your day going his big old smile he's
totally over that murder already choose
your fighter i i didn't really want to
play this one kind of looks like me i
don't know how to play i don't think he
does either i've no idea how to play
that game much like most games that i
play oh that's for all the snakes where
you can see all my blood all over the
place oh
i'm digging up graves
yes i'm finding riches okay well that
was fun but i can't carry both things so
i'm just gonna wander off with my knife
now oh my god who is this this seems
like a perfect opportunity for a
murderer hey there stranger my name is
matthew but you probably already knew
that i'm not exactly a nobody you're out
here sunbathing and a full clothing out
in the woods ooh i'm really sweaty i
just want to get out of these clothes
they're so limiting will you consent to
intercourse with matthew no he's like
yeah i was just joking i will consent to
killing him though
no don't hit me back no no no no no this
is bad you don't want to hit me i know a
cool dead end over here come here to the
graveyard oh he's dead okay great oh but
i'm bleeding all right leave the knife
here i'll be back i gotta go get cleaned
up don't die for once don't die there's
just pools of blood leading to all of my
crimes well to be fair my first one was
just a crime against snakes that was a
bit of a hate crime but i don't think
the people care about that i don't know
if all this running is good for me body
found [__] and my knife is right there
with it he's like what seems to be the
problem his blood pours from me all
right back to the forest i go i don't
know if i should return to the scene of
the crime or not but hey look the cow's
been moved so that's good oh he wants to
paint my house now's a good time painted
red i have a feeling like there's gonna
be a lot of red all over my property and
it'll just help with a few explanations
i don't have any money you want money in
exchange for these goods and services no
comment about the cow being murdered or
anything oh no where's she going is she
saying about the body she's gonna tell
on me maybe i can go hide the body
before they get there she's a slow old
woman she'll never make it in time but
where can i hide the body oh this is a
problem oh fact the sheriff's on the way
oh okay i was just going the opposite
direction actually this is a wrong turn
i was looking for my house i'm new to
these parts i'm so screwed oh you [__]
look at here little smug face easy bank
i think i can get some money here he
said like a loan or something you see
you're eligible for valley aid every day
for a week yes give me money i can't
stop thinking about matthew why why did
he how did you know that already you
realize that he died like an hour ago
you didn't even take the day off work
i'm sorry this isn't your problem just
take this give me a hundred bucks now
now murderer i'm pretty sure you already
claimed your daily money covered in her
husband's blood i wonder will i ever get
my knife back i miss it so much
i'm gonna clean the bus
let's just leave it there like i would
let the rain take care of this oh no
where are they all running to i think
donna's realized maybe she was talking
about something else she didn't realize
that her husband was murdered ah but
look at the time it's almost getting
ready for bedtime right everyone we
should all forget about this like they
seem to just brush off yesterday's death
can they not do it again i wonder is
everyone rushing off to see the body
like could i trespass on that guy's
property now or is he still guarding it
with his shotgun oh no he's still there
frank doesn't like people from outside
the valley frank has some trust issues i
think is it danger to the valley that
weapon should be taken from him you seem
like a much more balanced person to
wield a shotgun just saying oh you are a
poor judge of character i have a feeling
that they're gonna arrive in the middle
of the night with pitchforks and they're
gonna kill me wait what are you doing
looking at my house like that i've got a
stick and i'm not afraid to use it hey
murderer how's it going she said it'd be
great to get to know you better oh stay
on your guard murderer committed a lot
of good crimes today you stole the the
bike and you murdered someone you have
this bag of trash i'm just gonna bring
it out to the road i don't want it on my
property that's how garbage collection
works i believe she's just watching me
do it here a gift this is what i think
of you i'll just get naked all right
much better i'm gonna go out and see her
again just trying to rack up as many
crimes as i can in one day she doesn't
seem to care though can i clean my
clothes i would really like to know that
oh i can thank god okay now i don't look
suspicious
look at the state of them oh yes just
having a good time
swimming it is now night time time to
return to bed oh i'm very interested to
see what the sheriff will say today
and i love how i didn't lock my door i
didn't learn a lesson from last night
damn let's see what we have here jesus
it looks brutal like all the graves are
dug up there's a knife there blood
everywhere leading all the way to the
hospital where i'm probably the only
person to get treated for wounds that
day two pieces of evidence what was the
other one and several fingerprints on oh
no i didn't know you had that sort of
technology here nobody reported any
suspicious behavior the guy running
around in blood soaked clothes the guy
going in with wounds to his chest the
guy stripping down
and running around his house in a panic
oh i found a weapon that might have been
used in a previous murder and there were
fingerprints in conclusion don't say me
i'm innocent hungry good thing i have
this mushroom
well stomach filled everyone what a
fantastic day to be alive i'm going back
into the forest oh there goes the
sheriff god he's a fast one or maybe i'm
seeing things i don't know either way i
think that was a good time to end it
jesus christ this game is weird but i
like it if you want to see more please
let me know because i'd be totally down
to ruin this community more i think i've
finally gotten the hang of it i got a
murderer under my belt i've got a
robbery under my belt a streak under my
belt i guess really there was nothing
under my belt in that one what a bizarre
little game though it does seem like fun
i hope you guys liked it and i hope you
want to see more because i'd be looking
forward to playing more of this um but
yeah let me know if you do want to see
more i appreciate you watching even if
you don't want to see more and you think
you know what i hate this guy i'll ever
watch again but
i still appreciate you and i hope to see
you next time hopefully you'll change
your mind bye for now